initial formulation on server provided nonce (#99)
oauth-wg/draft-ietf-oauth-attestation-based-client-auth: draft-ietf-oauth-attestation-based-client-auth.md

2. After the '~' character, there exists precisely a single well-formed JWT conforming to the syntax outlined in [](client-attestation-pop-jwt).
3. The signature of the Client Attestation PoP JWT obtained after the '~' character verifies with the Client Instance Key contained in the `cnf` claim of the Client Attestation JWT obtained before the '~' character.

# Nonce Retrieval

> This specification defines header fields that allow a Client to request a fresh nonce value to be used in the OAuth-Client-Attestation-PoP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This specification defines header fields that allow a Client to request a fresh nonce value to be used in the OAuth-Client-Attestation-PoP header.
```

or something to this affect otherwise it feels like the sentence is incomplete.

# Appendix A IANA Considerations

## OAuth Parameters Registration

This specification requests registration of the following values in the IANA "OAuth Authorization Server Metadata" registry {{IANA.OAuth.Params}} established by {{RFC8414}}.

* Metadata Name: client_attestation_pop_nonce_required

> * Metadata Description: An array of the strings that lists the endpoints supporting the nonce retrieval and expecting a Client Attestation bound to a server-provided nonce.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Metadata Description: An array of URLs that specify the endpoints supporting the nonce retrieval and expecting a Client Attestation bound to a server-provided nonce.
```
